Awesome.
I'm really, really, really excited to be
here with all of you, for people attending
online, people that are watching it later,
and for people here in the audience.
First of all, let's go ahead and get
everyone to go to this link right here,
bit.ly/intro-web-dev.
It is important that everything is
lowercase, so make sure you do that.
This is just going to take you to, I'm
gonna leave that up for just a second, but
it's gonna take you to the website
that you can see up behind it.
So, that should take you to this website,
INTRO TO WEB DEV v2 with all
these nice shades of blue.
You can see here,
just kinda to get the lay of the land.
This is a website here, it's on GitHub.
So that means all of this is open source.
All these materials will be
open source free and forever.
So, you can take this home afterward,
you can share this website
with anyone that wants it.
These are literally my notes.
That's why I have two laptops up here,
is because I have, actually right
now it's open on both computers at once,
just in case, I don't know.
It's like a safety blanket, I don't know.
[LAUGH] So I can type in this one,
I can read my notes off of this one.
So anyway, if you fall behind,
check the website, because again,
that's exactly what I'm reading from.
Please share this around.
That's what this is here for.
If you see mistakes or grammar mistakes,
I'm sure there are many of those,
please make a pull request on GitHub.
And we will show you how to do that
later today, how to make pull requests.
So, yeah.